Some refactoring and added HA Supervisor compatibility (#1)
io53/ruuvigw2mqtt: README.md

# Home Assistant Community Add-on: Ruuvi Gateway from MQTT to Home Assistant auto-discovery

## Installation

### Adding the repository to Supervisor

> Either open [this link](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkirbo%2Fruuvigw-mqtt-to-ha-auto-discovery.git) and continue from step 5,

Author: Remember to change this into something like:
```suggestion
Either open [this link](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fio53%2Fruuvigw2mqtt.git) and continue from step 5,
```

or follow the steps:

1. Navigate to Supervisor -> Add-on Store
2. Click the 3 dots on the upper right corner
3. Select "Repositories"

> 4. At the end of the modal, fill the Input with: `https://github.com/kirbo/ruuvigw-mqtt-to-ha-auto-discovery.git`

Author: And here:
```suggestion
4. At the end of the modal, fill the Input with: `https://github.com/io53/ruuvigw2mqtt.git`
```
